Update getting started.md (#65)
scylladb/care-pet: docs/getting_started.md

The collar reads the sensor's data once a second and sends measurements
directly to the app.

### Architecture

> -   migrate - creates the CarePet keyspace and tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   migrate - Creates the `carepet` keyspace and tables.
```

> -   sensor - generates a pet health data and pushes it into the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   sensor - Generates pet health data and pushes it into the
```

>     storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    storage.
```

> -   server - REST API service for tracking the pets' health

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   server - REST API service for tracking pets' health
```

>     state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    state.
```

### Deploying the App 

The example application uses Docker to run a three-node ScyllaDB cluster. You can also use Scylla Cloud as your database.
Claim your free Scylla Cloud account [here](https://scylladb.com/cloud).

> Clone the repository and change to the directory of your language of choice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the repository and change to the directory of a language (Jo, Java, etc.):
```

```
git clone git@github.com:scylladb/care-pet.git
cd go
```

Start by creating a local ScyllaDB cluster consisting of 3 nodes:

`docker-compose up -d`

Docker-compose will spin up a ScyllaDB cluster consisting of 3 nodes (carepet-scylla1, carepet-scylla2 and carepet-scylla3) along with the app (for example go-app) container.  Wait for about two minutes and check the status of the cluster:

> To check the status of the cluster:

Reviewer: You can remove this line (duplication).

`docker exec -it carepet-scylla1 nodetool status`

> ### Use your preffered programming language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use Your Preferred Programming Language
```
